Remove `images:` remote (#12748)
canonical/lxd: doc/cloud-init.md

> * All images from the `ubuntu` and `ubuntu-daily` {ref}`image servers <remote-image-servers>` have `cloud-init` support.
>   However, images for Ubuntu releases prior to `20.04` require special handling to integrate properly with `cloud-init`, so that `lxc exec` works correctly with virtual machines that use those images. Refer to {ref}`vm-cloud-init-config`.

Reviewer: There's now only one bullet point left, so there's no use in having a list. Can you change the section to something like:

```suggestion
To use `cloud-init`, you must base your instance on an image that has `cloud-init` installed, which is the case for all images from the `ubuntu` and `ubuntu-daily` {ref}`image servers <remote-image-servers>`.
However, images for Ubuntu releases prior to `20.04` require special handling to integrate properly with `cloud-init`, so that `lxc exec` works correctly with virtual machines that use those images. Refer to {ref}`vm-cloud-init-config`.
```
